Github Issues template (#11948)
bryntum/support: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug_report.md

---
name: Bug report
about: Report a problem to help us improve
title: "[BUG] "
labels: bug
assignees: ''
---

### Description
A clear and concise description of the issue.

### Steps to Reproduce
Reproduce the issue in one of our [official demos](https://bryntum.com/examples) and describe the exact steps:

1. Go to '...'
2. Click on '...'
3. Scroll down to '...'
4. See the error

> If the issue cannot be reproduced in our demos, please provide a **minimal reproducible test case** (e.g. CodeSandbox, GitHub repo, or zipped project). Bug reports without reproduction steps or a test case may be closed.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the issue cannot be reproduced in our demos, please provide a **minimal reproducible test case** (e.g. CodeSandbox, GitHub repo, or zipped project). Bug reports without clear reproduction steps or a test case are more likely to be fixed earlier than those without.

```

> If the issue cannot be reproduced in our demos, please provide a **minimal reproducible test case** (e.g. CodeSandbox, GitHub repo, or zipped project). Bug reports without clear reproduction steps or a test case are more likely to be fixed earlier than those without.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the issue cannot be reproduced in our demos, please provide a **minimal reproducible test case** (e.g. CodeSandbox, GitHub repo, or zipped project). Bug reports with clear reproduction steps or a test case are more likely to be fixed earlier than those without.
```
